so if Winchester didn't satisfy your
haunted house cravings there's this
other little movie that's out on VOD
called the lodgers that I give a solid
stream into even even if it has the
pasty is boy let me explain
so you got these two orphan kids who
live in a haunted mansion by themselves
and they gotta follow three rules one
they can't stay up past midnight so no
screenings - they ain't allowed to leave
except to like buy bread and three they
can't invite anyone in so there's
absolutely no house parties the sisters
the only one who's allowed to leave the
house so she at least gets a little bit
of sunlight but the brother stuck at
home he's a spacey as he can be looking
like he just saw a ghost which he
actually does a lot it turns out that
their parents actually committed suicide
and their parents committed suicide and
their parents committed suicide and it's
just like this crazy generational curse
where like I said up passing down a car
they they passed down drowning
themselves so if you're ever ungrateful
for whatever bad genes your grandma gave
you Eddie at least they ain't as bad as
this obviously these kids are terrified
because they're gonna be the next ones
they're tormented by water since they
believe that's what's causing it and
seeing their parents dead body floating
in the water is messed up seeing them
naked floated in the water is even worse
they got dead ancestors coming up from
the floorboards at night they can't even
scrub a dub dub without these ghosts
bugging them and imagine not being able
to leave a haunted house and go home cuz
you live in the haunted house they're so
lonely this girl turns into a
mid-century DJ my dude turns into a
Confederate cuz he's also very lonely
and then in comes this Lannister back
from war sporting the rocks leg from his
upcoming movie and he gets it on with
the girl who polishes his nugget and
they get it on until you know they get a
they get ghost block
right Walder Frey's also in this because
I guess it's like a mini game of Thrones
reunion he comes over he's as drunk as
can be trying to get jiggy with the
sister because they need to pay their
debts just like the Lannisters
they let him in on the second time but
it's the brother who lets him in and if
you remember that one rule he needs to
make sure he's out so we just for the
watches him at this point the sisters
like you know what I'm out of here but
the moment she tries to leave her
brother smashes her and then he tries to
smash her this dude is still trying to
get a slice cuz he feels that her
virginity is owed to him in this house
and I I just realized my uncle directed
this movie like literally just a couple
of years ago
anyway Searcy's hope comes in trying to
save the day stabs the brother to death
and then these some Mara looking things
rise up from the wells
it's all the ancestors from underneath
the house they come up the girl falls
into that well and of course like a good
Irishman he goes after her to save her
he has no luck though and he gets taken
away further into what is literally beat
upside down this girl ends up in the
lake where her parents killed themselves
decides to wash away her parents sins
and moves on leaving her past behind her
but you know Monster House still holds
the cake on these movies thank you guys
for watching this video let me know your
thoughts if you didn't even know about
it then hopefully maybe you check it out
maybe it's on your radar
I thought the cinematography was good I
thought the lead was good but uh
hopefully that's what I'm gonna try to
do try to cover movies that maybe you
guys haven't seen cover as many movies
as possible to bring it to your guys
attention to talk about them so stay
tuned comment like and subscribe and
I'll pay off your debt to the Lannisters